Welcome to the Always Rejoice Convention of Jehovah's Witnesses.
We're so happy that you were able to arrange to attend all three days of this convention.
Why were the Apostle Paul's words at Philippians 4-4 chosen as the theme for this year's convention?
Well over the past four years, the governing body has used conventions to highlight qualities that endear us to Jehovah and help us to be victorious in our struggle against Satan and his world.
We've had convention themes that focused on the need for loyalty, endurance,
courage, and love.
This year, the convention theme highlights the need for joy.
At Nehemiah 810, we're told the joy of Jehovah is your stronghold.
In the near future, our faith will be tested as never before.
But if we acquire true joy with the help of God's Holy Spirit, we will be able to stand firm and weather all the storms that come our way.
Godly joy is a deep-seated quality of the heart.
It's a state of happiness that remains whether the conditions around us are pleasant or not.
In fact, a person can be disturbed about something, but still have joy in his heart.
For example, the apostles were flogged for speaking about the Christ, yet they went out from before the Sanadran rejoicing because they had been counted worthy to be dishonored in behalf of his name.
Obviously, they weren't rejoicing over the flogging they had received, but as servants of God, they found true joy in keeping their integrity to Him.
However, is it possible for a Christian always to be rejoicing?
Yes, because true joy is an aspect of the fruitage of God's Holy Spirit.
As an inward quality, joy is not dependent on external things, not even on our brothers, but it does depend on God's Spirit.
And as already noted, our joy comes from that deep inner satisfaction of knowing that we have the truth, that we're doing what pleases Jehovah, and that our Kingdom Hope is sure.
So Godly joy is not the transient joy that people experience because they've secured a well-paying job.
Gone on an exotic vacation, attain fame and prestige, or acquire some coveted material item or large sum of money.
No. True joy has to be cultivated by means of Holy Spirit.
To obtain Jehovah's Holy Spirit, we have to draw close to Him and give Him exclusive devotion.
At Acts 532, we're told that God gives Holy Spirit to those obeying Him as ruler.
During these three days, the convention program will help us to deepen our appreciation for Godly joy.
We'll learn what true joy is, how to cultivate it, how to maintain it during difficult times, and how to display it as it wells up in our hearts.
Such joy will clearly identify us as disciples of Jesus, and it will enable us to serve as beacons of light in this dark world,
and draw others to our happy God.
You'll note that nearly the entire second day has been devoted to the joy of disciple making.
Godly joy will help us to face challenges to our integrity.
Remember that it was the joy that was set before Him that helped Jesus to face an excruciating death on a torture stake.
So please pay rapt attention to the talks and videos.
Look up the scriptures and read them along with the speakers.
Thus allowing God's Word to exert its powerful force on your heart.
May this convention become a milestone in your development as a joyful imitator of our happy God.
How thankful we are that He made us in His image, giving us the capacity to feel and express Godly joy.
And how thankful we are that He also gives us His Holy Spirit to help us cultivate that kind of joy.
We love you very much, and we pray that each one of you will forever respond to the words of the Psalmist at Psalm 100 verse 2.
Serve Jehovah with rejoicing.
Come into His presence with joyful shouting.